I'm six-run sided fight I've ever done
one before and I had to be a good one
side always we're here because we want
to run to rape yeah we never been to
rain so is why we're here this is my
buddies grandmother's pajamas and I
showed up in some really boring clothes
and he said no we can't do this and he
grabbed his grandmother's pajamas and
they fit I mean it's a tight fit but
they fit so I was like I gotta do this I
love basics the reason why I chose these
two shoes because they're both neutral
so they're awesome awesome they're
comfortable they last longer and they're
just amazing shoes breakfast and lunch
you know breakfast most important meal
of the day 2013 electric run is going to
be amazing we're gonna have fun and then
party ugh thank you for the invite we
volunteer there was a great time thank
you and let you cry
hm